I, Frieza... humiliated...
by that Saiyan ape
[UNDERLING A]
Your Majesty
It seems... Planet Namek has
been completely destroyed.
No one could have survived--
not even your--
[KING COLD] Might Frieza
have met his match...?
My clan is feared
throughout the universe.
What fool dares
challenge our supremacy?
[KING COLD THINKS]
I will afford him the honor
of defeat at the hands
of King Cold himself.
Majesty--look!
[KING COLD]
Hmm?
Bring him aboard now...
...or I ll send the lot of
you cretins to join him!
There.
[MINIONS GASP]
[SURGEON AWALLA]
Milord Frieza !
Father, we re going to Earth...
Right now
The Super Saiyan shall fall!
[OPENING SONG]
[NARRATOR] It s been a year
since Goku defeated Frieza
during Planet Namek s
final moments...
a year of rare calm
for his friends and family.
But Goku still
hasn t returned to Earth,
Gohan can t help
but wonder why.
Hey, honey--how s the
homework coming along?
Uh... sorta slow.
[GOHAN PANICS AS HE FALLS]
I tell ya, guys,
I like this peace thing.
Yeah, but I can t help wondering
where Vegeta scampered off to.
Oh, I m sure he s out
scowling his way
through space,
chasing after Goku.
Yeah, well,
least he s not here...
Cause lookin at that guy
scares the bacon outta me!
Under all that bluster,
he s a big teddy bear.
That teddy bear stole your
spaceship, Bulma!
It s only because he
wants to beat Goku, right?
I admire a man goes
after what he wants.
Oh, so you admire him now?!
Uh-oh, big guy...
Somebody s jealous, huh?
Eh? Whatever.
Well, your father
says the ship didn t
have a lot of fuel, so
he thinks he ll be back soon.
I wish we could
say the same for Goku
Huh?
Ka... me...
ha... me...
Ha!
[TIDAL WAVE]
Yikes!
It s hopeless...!
I don t hold a candle to Goku...
even when I m giving it my all!
Y know, it wasn t so
long ago that Master Roshi
was the strongest person
the world had ever known.
And look at you now,
you tired old geezer.
[ROSHI SCREAMS IN
REACTION TO TURTLE]
[KRILLIN THINKS] I bet
Goku s training right now
and getting better and better
[SPACESHIP CRASH LANDS]
Ho-ney!. The ship-napper
is finally back--
He s on the west lawn!
Vegeta! What the
heck are you doing here?!
So, uh... how was...
space, huh ?!
I don t sense that idiot
Kakarot s energy around here.
Wait, are you telling me you
didn t find Goku out there?
Why would I waste my breath
telling you anything?
[BULMA] Now, now boys--the
chit-chat can wait til later.
Somebody s overdue for a shower.
You!
Yuck! Vegeta...
you smell like wet dog!
Come on, let s go.
[YAMCHA SHOCKED]
[VEGETA]
Hmph.
Well... C mon...! What? Your
manners stink worse than you do?
What the ?
I don t...
believe what I m seeing!
[BULMA'S MOM] Give him one of
the good towels, ok!
[SPLASH INTO THE
WASHING MACHINE]
Vegeta! I laid some
things out for you!
[VEGETA THINKS] How dare you
hide among the stars, Kakarot?
Return to Earth and show me your
newfound Super Saiyan powers !
You worthless coward!
Oh... so ol Vegeta s
back in town, huh?
Gee. and I thought Goku had
finally come home
from his intergalactic
road-trip.
[YAMCHA] He s still the only
thing Vegeta can think about...
Color me not surprised.
Hey guys, Vegeta
wouldn t hold us hostage
to get Goku to
come home, would he?
Gosh, I don t know Bulma.
[VEGETA YELLS] Earth woman,
I demand your presence!
Where in blazes are you?!
Answer me, Earth woman!
[VEGETA]
I'm addressing you, Bull-Moose!
Stop yelling...! My name is
Bulma, and I d thank you
very much to use it when
you re talking to me!
[BULMA]
Hmph!
[VEGETA]
My clothes--where are they?!
They re getting a
badly-needed laundering!
[VEGETA]
You re washing my armor?!
You found the change
of clothes, right?
[VEGETA]
Are you out of your mind...?
I will not be seen wearing
this pink monstrosity!
[BULMA]
It s that or nothing, your pick.
Your savagery knows no bounds!
[GROUP LAUGHS]
[VEGETA]
I look like a flower !
Wow! Pretty stylish!
[GROUP LAUGHS AGAIN]
Don t laugh...! Unless you want
to see me really angry!
Look, just relax and hang out
a while... Til Goku's back.
If you re with us,
you won t even
have to look for him,
he ll come to you.
[ELECTRONIC SPACE SOUNDS]
[PHONE RINGS]
Do you feel it, Gohan?
That wave of energy?!
[GOHAN OVER PHONE]
Yeah !
It s really strong and...
whoever it belongs
to isn t very nice !
[KRILLIN OVER PHONE]
Understatement of the year!
And it s heading
straight for Earth
[GOHAN AGREES]
Uh-huh!
You re picking it up,
too--aren t you, Master !
The only one I know of with
that kind of power is Frieza!
Huh?! No way !
But... it feels like him!
And there s not just one source
There re two... and
the second s larger still !
What do we do now, Tien?!
Frieza?! That s impossible!
Kakarot, you imbecile!
You spared that
Frieza s life, didn t you!
Wait! Couldn t that power
belong to somebody else?
Freiza s history, right?
Are you suggesting I can t tell
one source from another?
What kind of fool are you?
[BUBBLES UTTERS
ANIMAL SOUNDS TO KING KAI]
What...?! Impossible!
I m sure Goku finished off
Frieza in that fight a year ago!
[FRIEZA] Behold, Father--there
is the Earth, dead ahead.
But we ve gone to
the bother of visiting my
assailant at home, and he s
nowhere to be found. How rude!
Such a measly little ball
[KING COLD]
Come, let s just destroy it.
[FRIEZA] No, Father... Your
Frieza demands satisfaction.
I have yet to treat this
Super Saiyan ...
to the nightmare
of my ultimate form.
Well... Super Saiyan or
otherwise, he will fall.
[FRIEZA CHUCKLES]
[FRIEZA THINKS] Speeding our way
to Earth, are we, Saiyan?
Please do hurry up !
You re in for a hard truth
I m still the most powerful
being in the universe!
Oh man--I musta grown...!
Now... boots !
There we go! C mon! Toes!
Just! Get! In! There!
Aw, not again!
Gohan, you fly into
this room right now...!
Your new tutor s
getting here any minute--
what are they gonna
think if you re airborne?!
How...?! This is impossible!
[GOHAN]
We re in big trouble here, Dad !
Krillin s energy--
comin up fast!
[KRILLIN]
Hey!
[GOHAN] You re still feeling all
this crazy-strong energy, right?
Whether I like it or not!
I d know Frieza s vibe anywhere!
[KRILLIN] Don t forget,
I ve been on the
business end of his powers!
[GOHAN] I don t get what s
happening, Krillin
Does this mean my dad didn t
defeat Frieza back
on Namek, or what?
I m just as confused
as you are, Gohan--
but we re gonna get
to the bottom of this!
EGETA THINKS] That Frieza
ll walks to this day should be a
shock to no one--
of course Kakarot wasn t
up to the task...!
But what of this other
power I m sensing?
Frieza s strength pales
in comparison !
Touring these out/lying
sectors is relaxing, isn t it?
You re going to burn your
cybernetics clear away, my son.
[KING COLD] Your opponent can t
have gotten you this worked up.
[FRIEZA] Forgive me, Father--
I just can t contain myself.
I m so excited
I could just explode.
[UNDERLING E]
King Cold, Prince Frieza...
permission to initiate
landing procedures!
Frieza s ship will be landing
around here any minute now.
Yeah? How do you know?
How do I know?!
Let me think about it!
[VEGETA] I ve actually fought
him-- can you say the same?
[BULMA OVER A LOUD SPEAKER]
Surpriiiiiise!
[YAMCHA]
Is that Bulma?!
Hey Vegeta--hey Yamcha!
Hope you guys
don t mind us dropping in!
Down we go
Yamcha, I missed you so mu--!
W-what are you doing here?!
Are you both crazy?!
We wanna see Frieza in action...
Heck, I went all the
way to Planet Namek
and I never even caught
a glimpse of the guy!
Seriously? Do you know how
insanely dangerous
he is, Bulma?!
Well, duh--of course I do.
I mean, if Frieza
put his mind to it,
he could pop this planet
like a water balloon, right?
[BULMA] Might as well have
a front-row seat!
I wanna see if Frieza
lives up to the hype.
[VEGETA THINKS]
She s vulgar--and quite possibly
color-blind-- but
the woman has guts.
[YAMCHA]
It s Tien! And Chiaotzu!
So Vegeta... You ve decided to
show your face on Earth again.
That s all you have to say?
[TIEN] Hardly... but I ve
always thought,
actions speak
louder than words.
How can you stand
the sight of him, Yamcha?
Bring it on!
Fine!
Whoa, hey! Cool it!
This isn t the time!
[YAMCHA]
Ok Tien, c mon.
I feel it, whatever it is...
You think it s Frieza?
Yeah, that s how it s looking.
Enough talk...!
Do you fools want
them to discover us,
mask your power levels...!
Frieza s minions can use their
Scouters to track us down.
At least the Namekian s
keeping a low profile.
The who?
[YAMCHA]
Piccolo!
He s so close...
and I didn t sense a thing!
Gohan...!
Take a look down there!
Even Piccolo showed up!
[KRILLIN] Guess we re not
the only ones who felt it!
Hey, guys!
Yoo-hoo! Krillin,
Gohan--we re over here!
Gohan...! Is Goku back?!
Oh no, If he s still gone
when Frieza gets here
He s here!
They're landing!
[PANIC AND FEAR]
[UNDERLING E] Landing
successful, Your Highness...!
You may disembark
at your leisure.
Yup, no doubt about it...
That s Frieza...
He... he s still alive.
Not only that
ut there s somebody else with
im who s even... more powerful !
Listen up! Nobody
is allowed to fly!
[VEGETA]
We re going in on foot,
so we can keep our
power levels hidden!
All set?
Yeah!
[YAMCHA]
Piccolo, wait !
Let me get this straight:
Frieza s the most
powerful opponent any
of us has ever seen, right?
Uh-huh, but it gets
way worse than that...
Cause he can get even
stronger than he is right now!
Please, tell me
you re pulling my leg !
So what s the point of us
sneaking up on the ship, then?
We re nothing but bugs to him!
Seriously, Tell me I m wrong!
[YAMCHA] And this time,
he s brought a friend!
How on Earth are we
going to defeat this guy?
[PICCOLO]
Would you quit whining.
If you d prefer to run and hide,
then suit yourself...
But we already know
what s lies in store for us.
Are you finally catching on?
[VEGETA]
Your backwater planet is doomed!
[WIND BLOWS]
[METAL DOORS OPENING]
So this is Earth ?
I ve destroyed worse.
We didn t come all this way
to toy with Earthlings, my son
we re here for that
Super Saiyan who hurt you...
Yes, we ll punish
him most severely.
Anyone in the universe
who threatens
our supremacy must be
utterly conquered!
Well, between the two of us,
Father, I m sure we could
make him kneel to us-- but I m
stronger than I was before,
so I might be able to vanquish
him all by my lonesome.
I m afraid the opponent
you re so eager to
face won t be home for
another three hours, Freiza.
Shall we wait for him?
[FRIEZA]
Without a doubt, Father.
But I want to crush his spirit
before I finish him off.
Maybe wiping out the Earthlings
would be a nice touch.
[FRIEZA] How many can we get
in three hours?
I guess there s
only one way to find out.
[FRIEZA CHUCKLES]
[FRIEZA LAUGHS MANIACALLY]
Hurry, Goku! Hurry!
I ve crawled back
from the humiliation
you dealt me to wreak
my revenge upon you!
[YAMCHA] Why bother
wishing me back to Earth
if I m just going to have
to leave again ?
[FRIEZA] Move out, men! And when
you encounter the Earthlings,
well... you know what to do.
Now go!
Right!
[FRIEZA] All right, you have our
attention. What brings you here?
To finish you two, what else?
[NARRATOR] Who is this
mysterious young man who has
appeared from nowhere
to confront Frieza?
Where does he come from,
and what does he want?
Earth s fate hangs
in the balance
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
[CLOSING SONG]
[FRIEZA]
You dare challenge me?!
Brave move, Earthling.
Yes, you ll serve as a fine
warm-up--as I take you apart!
[TRUNKS] Shoulda done
your homework, Frieza.
Goku s not the only
Super Saiyan in town.
You re looking at
another one right now!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai !
[TRUNKS] Game over,
Frieza--nice knowing ya.